[Music]
well here's something I'm sure you're
dying to know do you know how to die
black hair blonde see I told you how
about can house Lots assure your
security or are they useless our
detectives naturally good at telling the
truth from lies or are they easily fool
those questions can only be answered by
the pros fortunately they're on the
internet just like everybody else and
they're ready to share what they know
with you number one dangerous lifeboats
sailors say that lifeboat drills are
more dangerous than any other kind of
marine incident unfortunately it's true
it seems like there's one ship
malfunction that appears more often than
any other and it's the breaking of the
lifeboat releasing mechanism it's not
uncommon for a ship to find an empty
lifeboat that literally just fell off
some other ship in the middle of the sea
imagine the trouble this type of
dysfunction would cause an an emergency
good thing it's relatively rare number
two the bigger the coffee the less
coffee it is the coffee shop staff wants
you to know that when you're trying to
get that extra caffeine kick in the
morning a large latte is not what you're
looking for in reality the larger the
beverage the more milk it has not coffee
and for that reason most coffee shops
actually spend more money on milk than
on coffee
only the iced coffee gets a third shot
of pure coffee bearing in mind that the
ice will eventually melt and dilute the
drink all other sizes of drinks get just
two shots and in general if you just
want the caffeine from your coffee
a tiny espresso is the best choice
everytime number three watching a movie
with a whole Orchestra orchestra
conductor recording soundtracks for a
film are more reliant on the movies
themselves than on music score sheets
they have it playing right in front of
them on a small monitor providing all
the needed information about the pauses
rhythm
the intensity of the music more than
that the movies also playing behind the
conductors back so the whole orchestra
can see it most conductors also work in
close tandem with movie directors to
know exactly how the music should feel
in one scene or another number four if
damaged the elevator won't fall down
it'll rise up and stand this will happen
in some cases because of the
counterweights pulling an elevator cabin
up in an emergency an elevator could
fall down but it's highly unlikely for
an elevator to fall it would take not
one but three extremely sturdy cables to
break each one of those cables can carry
a three and a half ton away so let's
just say I don't logically see it
happening but even if it could the
automatic speed center would activate
safety brakes around the cables to slow
it down and even if those safety
measures aren't enough the elevator
shaft itself would be quite efficient in
minimizing the risk an elevator as it
goes down creates a huge layer of
pressurized air underneath the cabin
that'll slow down the fall and finally
the bottom of the shaft is always
equipped with some kind of shock
absorption to soften a possible impact
so you really have little to worry about
when using an elevator unless somebody
farts number five cybersecurity problems
you know how it often goes you have to
change your passwords on any working
accounts every 90 days but IT specialist
don't actually see a reason to do that
and not only won't stop a hacker but
this practice is also possibly harmful
to security every new password is often
just a slight modification of the
previous one yeah I do that too
almost no one is coming up with
something original every three months
the main goal of improving information
security for companies is just making
every password difficult and unique in
the first place and having some kind of
multi-step authorization process number
six your body is doing much more work
than you think we all know how
busy our body is but the secret that one
oncologist shared was just on another
level the thing is your body produces
countless new cells every day and some
of those cells aren't working properly
further down the line
those cells are more than capable of
becoming a tumor the reason why it
doesn't happen is our immune system it's
constantly searching for every error in
cell development and eliminates the bad
cells before they become a source of
trouble
well done immune system keep up the good
work number seven
home security ain't so secure oh the
grammar police isn't so secure my bad
I'm not quite sure if this came from a
thief or a security specialist but
there's a man who claims your safes and
locks are useless no matter how safe you
think your home is your savings and all
other valuables aren't protected from
skilled thieves this is both true and
false the thing is it's just a matter of
how skilled and technologically inclined
this person is but on the other hand
it's also a question of priorities
there's absolutely no reason for a thief
to risk getting himself into trouble if
the home has good security and some
average local snake won't be skilled
enough to get in so in reality there's
no such thing as an unbreakable lock
what a good lock is intimidating enough
to discourage most thieves
number eight people don't usually call
for help when they're drowning when
lifeguard shared his story on the
Internet
he rescued a boy who was drowning only a
foot away from a group of other people
they didn't notice the boy's distress
because he was completely silent he was
too scared and tired to cry for help
another thing people often forget is
that the biggest problem with drowning
you know other than dying is that you're
fighting with the water for every breath
not everyone knows how to keep breathing
enough to be able to yell the work of
lifeguards is not just being good at
swimming and giving first aid they're
always on guard because not everyone
who's drowning will be able to call
attention to themselves number 9 there
are no perfectly functioning airplanes
at all this confession came from the
pilot of a commercial aircraft and it
seems like he's right though the
situation isn't as dramatic as it sounds
just imagine how complicated a machine
like an airplane is and how many flights
one airplane goes on throughout its
service it's statistically impossible
for one to be in perfect shape in every
way and still every plane is going
through a check of all systems on a
regular basis if it needs some
maintenance it gets it no airline wants
a malfunctioning plane assigned to a
flight most of the issues on an average
plane are so minor they wouldn't cause
any trouble
[Music]
number 10 if you're born with dark hair
it's better to stay that way
every professional hairdresser knows
that blond hair can be dyed brown or
black with no problem but the other way
around not so much it's never an easy
process and often take several visits to
the hairdresser it doesn't help that the
process is torturous for your hair it
most certainly loses its healthy glow by
the end of it so next time you see some
celebrity going from black hair to
blonde overnight you can assume that
they're probably wearing a wig and it's
definitely for the better
number eleven people are bad at
detecting lies psychologists say that
there's a test that helps identify how
good a person is at detecting lies most
people say it's hard to fool them before
going through it but in the end it
appears that they're as bad as everyone
else the most disturbing thing about it
is that even when a tested person knows
the person who will be telling lies or
true facts to them they still can't tell
if they're just fooling around and
furthermore experienced detectives are
just as bad at detecting Liars as
rookies can't believe the TV shows lied
to me for so long
number 12 cracking joints doesn't cause
arthritis now to be fair the cracking
sound you hear from your joints doesn't
usually mean anything harmful whatsoever
and when people say that without
cracking they feel less mobile they're
telling the truth the sound you're
hearing is just bubbles of carbon
dioxide gas that are collecting in
joints over time and reduce its mobility
when the joint is pulled or bent these
bubbles are released and removed from
the joint with a easing it and making it
more mobile again all right that was fun
hey let's all stick our fingers in her
cheeks and make some popping sounds
isn't that fun all right let's get
serious here again Wow is there
something special in your professional
field you can share with people let me
know down in the comments if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend but
hey don't go doing your lifeboat drill
just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life